readme.md, before:

# IMEIgen
Simple WPA-PSK default password candidates generator for mobile broadband WIFI routers, based on IMEI.

## Background
In their conquest of more users, some ISPs and vendors tend to trade security for ease of use.

Default WIFI router passwords often use some of the device-bound constants like WAN MAC address, BSSID, serial number, or combination from those. The developers invent some (not so)sophisticated obfuscation algorithms or hash functions to generate the default WPA-PSK password.

When the device has mobile broadband interface there is another constant - the [IMEI](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/International_Mobile_Equipment_Identity) number. In its general form IMEI has 15 digits with the following form:

| TAC      | Serial | Check digit |
| :------: | :----: | :---------: |
| TTTTTTTT | SSSSSS | C           |

When given device uses part of the IMEI for password and we know the *TAC* used, we can bruteforce 6-digit *Serial* and compute the *Check digit* with [Luhn algorithm](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Luhn_algorithm). In most cases, where vendors use the last 8 digits of the IMEI, we can shrink the password candidates keyspace 100 times.

## Known devices
These devices were confirmed via various images, found on the Internet and validated against [wpa-sec](https://wpa-sec.stanev.org) submissions. Please note that some models phased out this insecure password generation in their latest revisions and there may be more TACs used.

| SSID mask | Model | TAC | Length | Notes |
| --------- | ----- | --- | :----: | ----- |
| MW45AN_XXXX | TCL/Alcatel MW45AN | 35042693 | 8 | |
| MobileRouter-XXXX | ThingsMatrix TMF08 | 35066291 | 8 | |
| AIS 4G Hi-Speed Home WiFi_dddddd | Ruio Telecommunication Technologies Co Limited / Ruio S10 | 35100755 | 8 | Last 6 digits of the IMEI are in the SSID, so we can brute only the second digit |
| MW45V_XXXX | TCL/Alcatel MW45V | 35143020 | 8 | |
| MTS874FT_XXXX | Senseit MTS 874FT | 35162910 | 8 | |
| VINNWiFi_XXXX[_5G] | TCL/Alcatel MW40V1 | 35178309 <br/> 35784508 | 8 | |
| Optus E583C xxxx | Huawei E583C | 35219704 | 8 | |
| MTS850FT-XXXX | Unitac/Oltrade LLC TPS MTS 850FT | 35216407 | 8 | |
| BeelineS23_XXXX | Beeline S23 | 35232010 | 8 | |
| pocketwifi-xxxx | Huawei E585 | 35239804 <br/> 35730904 | 8 | |
| VIVACOM 4G WiFi_XXXX[_5G] | TCL/Alcatel MW40V1 | 35240810 | 8 | |
| MW40V_XXXX | TCL/Alcatel MW40V1 | 35249110 <br/> 35342609 <br/> 35647811 <br/> 35724307 | 8 | |
| Airtel 4G MiFi_XXXX | Vida Resources PTE Ltd VIDA M2 LTE ROUTER | 35271710 | 8 | |
| MegaFonMR150-6_XXXX | WeWins MR150-6 | 35274110 <br/> 35742110 | 8 | |
| SVITIN-XXXX | WeWins M09 | 35343011 | 8 | |
| MegaFonMR150-7_XXXX | WeWins/Sunnycat MR150-7 | 35352957 | 8 | |
| MTN MiFi E5830S | Huawei E5830S | 35410303 | 8 | |
| E5830-xxxx | Huawei E5830S | 35410303 | 8 | |
| MTS8920FT_XXXX[_plus] | WeWins MTS 8920FT | 35477311 | 8 | |
| XLGO-XXXX | MOVIMAX MV003 | 35497206 | 8 | |
| BeelineSM25_XXXX | Beeline SM25 | 35595810 | 8 | |
| MTS81020FTPB_XXXX | BQ Devices Limited BQ 81020FTPB | 35622911 | 8 | |
| MW70VK_XXXX_[2.4G\|5G] | TCL/Alcatel MW70VK | 35700709 | 8 | |
| MTS81231FT_XXXX | Vobis/Highscreen Limited MTS 81231FT | 35705982 | 8 | |
| MTS81220FT_XXXX | Vobis/Highscreen Limited MTS 81220FT | 35717577 | 8 | |
| MobileWiFi-xxxx | Huawei E560 / Huawei E5331 | 35750304 <br/> 86361901 | 8 | Used by Beeline |
| Optus E586 xxxx | Huawei E586 | 35750604 | 8 | |
| SMC062_XXXXXX | Wewins Technology Limited 4G CPE Router SMC062 | 35774140 | 10 | |
| congstar.home_XXXX[_2.4G\|_5G][_Ext\|_EXT] | TCL/Alcatel HH71VM/HH40V | 35834210 <br/> 35848108 | 8 | |
| HH71VM_XXXX_[2.4G\|5G] | TCL/Alcatel HH71VM | 35834210 | 8 | |
| MTS872FT_XXXX | Senseit MTS 872FT | 35844809 | 8 | |
| HH40V_XXXX | TCL/Alcatel HH40V | 35848108 | 8 | |
| MTS8723FT_XXXX | Senseit MTS 8723FT | 35861510 | 8 | |
| Beeline_XXXX | Beeline L02H | 35978707 | 8 | |
| AIS 4G Pocket Wifi_dddddd | Ruio Telecommunication Technologies Co Limited Ruio S6506 | 35986513 <br/> 86207503 | 8 | Last 6 digits of the IMEI are in the SSID, so we can brute only the second digit |
| 4G-Gateway-XXXX | Huawei B593 | 86009102 <br/> 86803100 | 8 | |
| MTS81330FT_XXXX | Shenzhen Harvilon Technology MTS 81330FT | 86013005 | 8 | |
| OptusWiFi E5331 xxxx | Huawei E5531 | 86066701 | 8 | |
| inwi Home 4G XXXXXX | ZTE MF253V | 86074303 <br/> 86658004 | 8 | Note the space after 4G |
| BOX4G_Inwi_XXXX | Huawei B311B-853 / Other | 86127405 <br/> 86857205 | 8 | TACs not verified, but generates the right candidates |
| Andromax-M3Y-XXXX | Smartfren M26Z1H | 86145803 | 8 | |
| MTS8330FT_XXXXXX | ZTE 8330FT MTS | 86176605 | 8 | |
| Globe_LTE MIFI_XXXX | YOUWIN M022T | 86207503 | 8 | |
| MTS8213FT-XXXX | Huawei E5785Lh-22c MTS | 86241803 | 8 | |
| Orange Airbox-XXXX | Huawei E5573 | 86259802 <br/> 86395503 <br/> 86742202 | 8 | |
| OLAX_LTE_dddd | Shenzhen Wanwei Yulian Technology Co Ltd. AX9 Pro B | 86275506 | 8 | The second half of the password is in the SSID |
| My Broadband-xxxx | Huawei E589 | 86303001 | 8 | |
| MTS835F_XXXXXX | ZTE MTS 835F | 86307403 | 8 | |
| Connect4G | Huawei B593 | 86316801 | 11 | |
| MTS837F_XXXXXX | ZTE MTS 837F | 86357703 | 8 | |
| TP-LINK_M5360_XXXXXX | TP-Link M5360 | 86382402 | 8 | |
| MTS81140FT_XXXX | Mobot Technology/Signalinks MTS 81140FT | 86386605 | 8 | |
| VIVACOM 4G WI-FI | Huawei E5573s-320 | 86398103 | 8 | |
| TP-LINK_M5350_XXXXXX | TP-Link M5350 | 86401101 | 8 | |
| MTS831_XXXXXX | ZTE MF910/831FT MTS | 86415402 | 8 | |
| ALTEL4G-XXXX[_5G] | Shanghai Notion Information Technology Co Ltd OpenTogether R28 | 86420805 | 8 | |
| Domino-XXXX | Huawei E5327 / ZTE MF63 CU | 86434052 <br/> 86637701 | 8 | Huawei model uncertain |
| MTS838FT_XXXXXX[_2.4Gz] | ZTE 838FT | 86477204 | 8 | |
| VIVACOM 3G WI-FI | Huawei E5330Bs-2 | 86570602 | 8 | |
| MTS8430FT_XXXX | Shenzhen ZhuiFengMa Technology Jiffma 8430FT MTS | 86571004 | 8 | |
| imotowifiXXXXXX | Shanghai Notion Information Technology Co Ltd OpenTogether M028 | 86616703 | 8 | |
| SMILE 4G LTE-XXXX | Shanghai Notion Information Technology Co Ltd OpenTogether M028 | 86616703 | 8 | |
| ALTEL4G_XXXX <br/> ALTEL4G_dddd | Shanghai Notion Information Technology Co Ltd OpenTogether M022 / Shanghai Boosteven Technology Limited Youwin W02 | 86637403 <br/> 86848203 | 8 | |
| ALTEL 4G_ddddddd <br/> ALTEL 4G_XXXXXXX | Shenzhen Aolifeng Communication Technology Co Ltd L800,L900,MINI5219,B209,GT-E3309 Aolifeng L800 / ZTE Corporation ZTE MF93D | 86650302 <br/> 86685501 | 8 | |
| 4GEEOnetouchY800z_XXXX | TCT Mobile Limited ALCATEL One Touch Y800Z/OT-Y800z | 86681401 | 8 | |
| HUAWEI-E5577-XXXX | Huawei E5577s-932 | 86685202 | 8 | The SSID matches with other Huawei router sub-model, which use different default key generation algorithm |
| MTS833_XXXXXX | ZTE MF910/MF910W/MF900/Blade S6 Lite/MTS 833F | 86688302 | 8 | |
| VIVA-4G-LTE-XXXX | Huawei E5577Cs-321 | 86726202 | 6 | Prepend 'VIVA' to every candidate, eg. `sed 's/^/VIVA/'`. Practically doesn't reduce the keyspace |
| Orange-XXXX | Huawei E5577Cs-321 | 86726202 | 8 | The SSID matches with other Orange routers, which use different default key generation algorithms |
| 501HWa-XXXXXX | Huawei HWABJ1 | 86738102 | 7 | Append 'a' to every candidate, eg. `sed 's/$/a/'` |
| CoolpadSurf_dddd | Coolpad CP332A | 86769504 | 8 | Last 4 digits of the password are part of the SSID |
| MTS8212FT_XXXX | Huawei B315s-22 | 86796203 | 8 | |
| inwi Home 4GXXXXXX | Huawei B310s / Huawei B311-221 | 86846503 <br/> 86918004 | 8 | No space between 4G and the hex digits |
| ZTE MF90+ XXXXXX | ZTE MF90+ | 86852702 | 8 | |
| Coolpad Surf dddd 2.4GHz | Coolpad CHA-A0 | 86904004 | 8 | Last 4 digits of the password are part of the SSID |
| MTS411D_XXXX | TCT Mobile MTS 411D | 86852702 | 8 | |
| MTS835FT_XXXXXX | ZTE MTS 835FT | 86998103 | 8 | |

## Usage
```
$ git clone https://github.com/RealEnder/imeigen
$ cd imeigen
$ make
cc -O3 -Wall -Wextra -Wpedantic -o imeigen imeigen.c
$ ./imeigen
IMEIgen v0.1 (c) Alex Stanev <alex@stanev.org>
Usage: ./imeigen [[8-digit TAC|SSID] [right digits count, default 8] | list | all]
```

Example usage with [hashcat](https://hashcat.net):
```
$ ./imeigen 35240810 | hashcat -a0 -m22000 vivacom.22000
$ ./imeigen 501HWa-123456 | sed 's/$/a/' | hashcat -a0 -m22000 501HWa.22000
```

You can extract the right hashes with the excellent [hcxtools](https://github.com/ZerBea/hcxtools):
```
$ hcxhashtool -i large_hashlist.22000 -o vivacom.22000 --essid-part "VIVACOM 4G WiFi"
```

### Optional arguments
* `list` - prints all supported SSID masks and candidates lengths
* `all` - generates all possible candidates for supported TACs. There will be a lot of duplicates.

### The ig-crack script
`ig-crack` script is used to extract the supported networks from a large collection of m22000 hashes, which are then passed to `hashcat` for cracking using the password candidates from `imeigen`. It accounts for the special cases, used by some vendors.

## Contributing
Look at the label of your mobile broadband WIFI router and check if the default password is part of the IMEI. If this is the case and you can't find the device TAC on the list, please open an issue in this repository with the photo of the label. Many label photos can also be found on the Internet.

Submitting captures in [wpa-sec](https://wpa-sec.stanev.org) DB is another way to contribute to WIFI security research. We advise you to use [hcxdumptool](https://github.com/ZerBea/hcxdumptool) for best results.

## Tools
* [wpa-sec](https://wpa-sec.stanev.org) - distributed WPA-PSK cracker database
* [RouterKeygenPC](https://github.com/routerkeygen/routerkeygenPC) - default keys generators for various WIFI routers
* [hcxtools](https://github.com/ZerBea/hcxtools) - small set of tools to detect weak points within WIFI networks by analyzing hashes and captures. Take a look on hcxpsktool
* [hcxdumptool](https://github.com/ZerBea/hcxdumptool) - sophisticated WIFI attack tool

Commit message:

Add AIS4G Hispeed Pocketwifi_ddddd support

readme.md, after:

# IMEIgen
Simple WPA-PSK default password candidates generator for mobile broadband WIFI routers, based on IMEI.

## Background
In their conquest of more users, some ISPs and vendors tend to trade security for ease of use.

Default WIFI router passwords often use some of the device-bound constants like WAN MAC address, BSSID, serial number, or combination from those. The developers invent some (not so)sophisticated obfuscation algorithms or hash functions to generate the default WPA-PSK password.

When the device has mobile broadband interface there is another constant - the [IMEI](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/International_Mobile_Equipment_Identity) number. In its general form IMEI has 15 digits with the following form:

| TAC      | Serial | Check digit |
| :------: | :----: | :---------: |
| TTTTTTTT | SSSSSS | C           |

When given device uses part of the IMEI for password and we know the *TAC* used, we can bruteforce 6-digit *Serial* and compute the *Check digit* with [Luhn algorithm](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Luhn_algorithm). In most cases, where vendors use the last 8 digits of the IMEI, we can shrink the password candidates keyspace 100 times.

## Known devices
These devices were confirmed via various images, found on the Internet and validated against [wpa-sec](https://wpa-sec.stanev.org) submissions. Please note that some models phased out this insecure password generation in their latest revisions and there may be more TACs used.

| SSID mask | Model | TAC | Length | Notes |
| --------- | ----- | --- | :----: | ----- |
| MW45AN_XXXX | TCL/Alcatel MW45AN | 35042693 | 8 | |
| MobileRouter-XXXX | ThingsMatrix TMF08 | 35066291 | 8 | |
| AIS 4G Hi-Speed Home WiFi_dddddd | Ruio Telecommunication Technologies Co Limited / Ruio S10 | 35100755 | 8 | Last 6 digits of the IMEI are in the SSID, so we can brute only the second digit |
| MW45V_XXXX | TCL/Alcatel MW45V | 35143020 | 8 | |
| MTS874FT_XXXX | Senseit MTS 874FT | 35162910 | 8 | |
| VINNWiFi_XXXX[_5G] | TCL/Alcatel MW40V1 | 35178309 <br/> 35784508 | 8 | |
| Optus E583C xxxx | Huawei E583C | 35219704 | 8 | |
| MTS850FT-XXXX | Unitac/Oltrade LLC TPS MTS 850FT | 35216407 | 8 | |
| BeelineS23_XXXX | Beeline S23 | 35232010 | 8 | |
| pocketwifi-xxxx | Huawei E585 | 35239804 <br/> 35730904 | 8 | |
| VIVACOM 4G WiFi_XXXX[_5G] | TCL/Alcatel MW40V1 | 35240810 | 8 | |
| MW40V_XXXX | TCL/Alcatel MW40V1 | 35249110 <br/> 35342609 <br/> 35647811 <br/> 35724307 | 8 | |
| AIS4G Hispeed Pocketwifi_ddddd | Ruio Telecommunication Technologies Co Limited AIS 4G Hi-Speed Pocket WiFi / Ruio D523 | 35252147 | 8 | Last 5 digits of the IMEI are in the SSID |
| Airtel 4G MiFi_XXXX | Vida Resources PTE Ltd VIDA M2 LTE ROUTER | 35271710 | 8 | |
| MegaFonMR150-6_XXXX | WeWins MR150-6 | 35274110 <br/> 35742110 | 8 | |
| SVITIN-XXXX | WeWins M09 | 35343011 | 8 | |
| MegaFonMR150-7_XXXX | WeWins/Sunnycat MR150-7 | 35352957 | 8 | |
| MTN MiFi E5830S | Huawei E5830S | 35410303 | 8 | |
| E5830-xxxx | Huawei E5830S | 35410303 | 8 | |
| MTS8920FT_XXXX[_plus] | WeWins MTS 8920FT | 35477311 | 8 | |
| XLGO-XXXX | MOVIMAX MV003 | 35497206 | 8 | |
| BeelineSM25_XXXX | Beeline SM25 | 35595810 | 8 | |
| MTS81020FTPB_XXXX | BQ Devices Limited BQ 81020FTPB | 35622911 | 8 | |
| MW70VK_XXXX_[2.4G\|5G] | TCL/Alcatel MW70VK | 35700709 | 8 | |
| MTS81231FT_XXXX | Vobis/Highscreen Limited MTS 81231FT | 35705982 | 8 | |
| MTS81220FT_XXXX | Vobis/Highscreen Limited MTS 81220FT | 35717577 | 8 | |
| MobileWiFi-xxxx | Huawei E560 / Huawei E5331 | 35750304 <br/> 86361901 | 8 | Used by Beeline |
| Optus E586 xxxx | Huawei E586 | 35750604 | 8 | |
| SMC062_XXXXXX | Wewins Technology Limited 4G CPE Router SMC062 | 35774140 | 10 | |
| congstar.home_XXXX[_2.4G\|_5G][_Ext\|_EXT] | TCL/Alcatel HH71VM/HH40V | 35834210 <br/> 35848108 | 8 | |
| HH71VM_XXXX_[2.4G\|5G] | TCL/Alcatel HH71VM | 35834210 | 8 | |
| MTS872FT_XXXX | Senseit MTS 872FT | 35844809 | 8 | |
| HH40V_XXXX | TCL/Alcatel HH40V | 35848108 | 8 | |
| MTS8723FT_XXXX | Senseit MTS 8723FT | 35861510 | 8 | |
| Beeline_XXXX | Beeline L02H | 35978707 | 8 | |
| AIS 4G Pocket Wifi_dddddd | Ruio Telecommunication Technologies Co Limited Ruio S6506 | 35986513 <br/> 86207503 | 8 | Last 6 digits of the IMEI are in the SSID, so we can brute only the second digit |
| 4G-Gateway-XXXX | Huawei B593 | 86009102 <br/> 86803100 | 8 | |
| MTS81330FT_XXXX | Shenzhen Harvilon Technology MTS 81330FT | 86013005 | 8 | |
| OptusWiFi E5331 xxxx | Huawei E5531 | 86066701 | 8 | |
| inwi Home 4G XXXXXX | ZTE MF253V | 86074303 <br/> 86658004 | 8 | Note the space after 4G |
| BOX4G_Inwi_XXXX | Huawei B311B-853 / Other | 86127405 <br/> 86857205 | 8 | TACs not verified, but generates the right candidates |
| Andromax-M3Y-XXXX | Smartfren M26Z1H | 86145803 | 8 | |
| MTS8330FT_XXXXXX | ZTE 8330FT MTS | 86176605 | 8 | |
| Globe_LTE MIFI_XXXX | YOUWIN M022T | 86207503 | 8 | |
| MTS8213FT-XXXX | Huawei E5785Lh-22c MTS | 86241803 | 8 | |
| Orange Airbox-XXXX | Huawei E5573 | 86259802 <br/> 86395503 <br/> 86742202 | 8 | |
| OLAX_LTE_dddd | Shenzhen Wanwei Yulian Technology Co Ltd. AX9 Pro B | 86275506 | 8 | The second half of the password is in the SSID |
| My Broadband-xxxx | Huawei E589 | 86303001 | 8 | |
| MTS835F_XXXXXX | ZTE MTS 835F | 86307403 | 8 | |
| Connect4G | Huawei B593 | 86316801 | 11 | |
| MTS837F_XXXXXX | ZTE MTS 837F | 86357703 | 8 | |
| TP-LINK_M5360_XXXXXX | TP-Link M5360 | 86382402 | 8 | |
| MTS81140FT_XXXX | Mobot Technology/Signalinks MTS 81140FT | 86386605 | 8 | |
| VIVACOM 4G WI-FI | Huawei E5573s-320 | 86398103 | 8 | |
| TP-LINK_M5350_XXXXXX | TP-Link M5350 | 86401101 | 8 | |
| MTS831_XXXXXX | ZTE MF910/831FT MTS | 86415402 | 8 | |
| ALTEL4G-XXXX[_5G] | Shanghai Notion Information Technology Co Ltd OpenTogether R28 | 86420805 | 8 | |
| Domino-XXXX | Huawei E5327 / ZTE MF63 CU | 86434052 <br/> 86637701 | 8 | Huawei model uncertain |
| MTS838FT_XXXXXX[_2.4Gz] | ZTE 838FT | 86477204 | 8 | |
| VIVACOM 3G WI-FI | Huawei E5330Bs-2 | 86570602 | 8 | |
| MTS8430FT_XXXX | Shenzhen ZhuiFengMa Technology Jiffma 8430FT MTS | 86571004 | 8 | |
| imotowifiXXXXXX | Shanghai Notion Information Technology Co Ltd OpenTogether M028 | 86616703 | 8 | |
| SMILE 4G LTE-XXXX | Shanghai Notion Information Technology Co Ltd OpenTogether M028 | 86616703 | 8 | |
| ALTEL4G_XXXX <br/> ALTEL4G_dddd | Shanghai Notion Information Technology Co Ltd OpenTogether M022 / Shanghai Boosteven Technology Limited Youwin W02 | 86637403 <br/> 86848203 | 8 | |
| ALTEL 4G_ddddddd <br/> ALTEL 4G_XXXXXXX | Shenzhen Aolifeng Communication Technology Co Ltd L800,L900,MINI5219,B209,GT-E3309 Aolifeng L800 / ZTE Corporation ZTE MF93D | 86650302 <br/> 86685501 | 8 | |
| 4GEEOnetouchY800z_XXXX | TCT Mobile Limited ALCATEL One Touch Y800Z/OT-Y800z | 86681401 | 8 | |
| HUAWEI-E5577-XXXX | Huawei E5577s-932 | 86685202 | 8 | The SSID matches with other Huawei router sub-model, which use different default key generation algorithm |
| MTS833_XXXXXX | ZTE MF910/MF910W/MF900/Blade S6 Lite/MTS 833F | 86688302 | 8 | |
| VIVA-4G-LTE-XXXX | Huawei E5577Cs-321 | 86726202 | 6 | Prepend 'VIVA' to every candidate, eg. `sed 's/^/VIVA/'`. Practically doesn't reduce the keyspace |
| Orange-XXXX | Huawei E5577Cs-321 | 86726202 | 8 | The SSID matches with other Orange routers, which use different default key generation algorithms |
| 501HWa-XXXXXX | Huawei HWABJ1 | 86738102 | 7 | Append 'a' to every candidate, eg. `sed 's/$/a/'` |
| CoolpadSurf_dddd | Coolpad CP332A | 86769504 | 8 | Last 4 digits of the password are part of the SSID |
| MTS8212FT_XXXX | Huawei B315s-22 | 86796203 | 8 | |
| inwi Home 4GXXXXXX | Huawei B310s / Huawei B311-221 | 86846503 <br/> 86918004 | 8 | No space between 4G and the hex digits |
| ZTE MF90+ XXXXXX | ZTE MF90+ | 86852702 | 8 | |
| Coolpad Surf dddd 2.4GHz | Coolpad CHA-A0 | 86904004 | 8 | Last 4 digits of the password are part of the SSID |
| MTS411D_XXXX | TCT Mobile MTS 411D | 86852702 | 8 | |
| MTS835FT_XXXXXX | ZTE MTS 835FT | 86998103 | 8 | |

## Usage
```
$ git clone https://github.com/RealEnder/imeigen
$ cd imeigen
$ make
cc -O3 -Wall -Wextra -Wpedantic -o imeigen imeigen.c
$ ./imeigen
IMEIgen v0.1 (c) Alex Stanev <alex@stanev.org>
Usage: ./imeigen [[8-digit TAC|SSID] [right digits count, default 8] | list | all]
```

Example usage with [hashcat](https://hashcat.net):
```
$ ./imeigen 35240810 | hashcat -a0 -m22000 vivacom.22000
$ ./imeigen 501HWa-123456 | sed 's/$/a/' | hashcat -a0 -m22000 501HWa.22000
```

You can extract the right hashes with the excellent [hcxtools](https://github.com/ZerBea/hcxtools):
```
$ hcxhashtool -i large_hashlist.22000 -o vivacom.22000 --essid-part "VIVACOM 4G WiFi"
```

### Optional arguments
* `list` - prints all supported SSID masks and candidates lengths
* `all` - generates all possible candidates for supported TACs. There will be a lot of duplicates.

### The ig-crack script
`ig-crack` script is used to extract the supported networks from a large collection of m22000 hashes, which are then passed to `hashcat` for cracking using the password candidates from `imeigen`. It accounts for the special cases, used by some vendors.

## Contributing
Look at the label of your mobile broadband WIFI router and check if the default password is part of the IMEI. If this is the case and you can't find the device TAC on the list, please open an issue in this repository with the photo of the label. Many label photos can also be found on the Internet.

Submitting captures in [wpa-sec](https://wpa-sec.stanev.org) DB is another way to contribute to WIFI security research. We advise you to use [hcxdumptool](https://github.com/ZerBea/hcxdumptool) for best results.

## Tools
* [wpa-sec](https://wpa-sec.stanev.org) - distributed WPA-PSK cracker database
* [RouterKeygenPC](https://github.com/routerkeygen/routerkeygenPC) - default keys generators for various WIFI routers
* [hcxtools](https://github.com/ZerBea/hcxtools) - small set of tools to detect weak points within WIFI networks by analyzing hashes and captures. Take a look on hcxpsktool
* [hcxdumptool](https://github.com/ZerBea/hcxdumptool) - sophisticated WIFI attack tool
